## Week 4

Date:           05-03-2024\
Main focus:     This week's set of Issues and Deadlines\
Chair:          David \
Note taker:     Abdullah

# Opening
1. Presence: To be noted during the meeting. How is everyone doing? (1 min)
2. Check-up: Has anyone had problems with the issues? Has everyone managed to complete the Knockout Criteria? (2 min)
3. Announcements: By the team (2 min)
4. Announcements: By the TA (2 min)

# Agenda Items
1. Today's state: How was our last week's sprint? What have we managed to add to our project? What is the current state of frontend and backend? (7 min)
2. Are there any MR's left? Why are they still open and who should review them? (6 min)
3. Move on from last week to week 4. What issues do we have open for this week? Are there enough issues for all of us? Should we add more? (6 min)
4. Assigning issues to members of the team. (4 min)
5. Reminder about Buddy Check deadline + Checkstyle. (4 min) 
6. Reminder about Tasks and Planning (2 min)

# Action points for next week
 - We have to work on the issues and decide later this week. Backend is almost ending, some members have to move to frontend and the bonus - features (5 min)

# Any other business (2 min)
 - Would anyone like to add something? 

# Questions for the TA (3 min)
 - How does Buddy Check work? 
 - Tasks and Planning
 - Users: Global or not?

# Question round (2 min)
 - If there are any more questions, now it's the time. 

# Closing (2 min)
1. Summary of what has been discussed and what we will be doing during this week. (1 min)
2. Confirm the date of the next meeting. (1 min)

# Meeting Notes
1. Everyone was present.
2. Abdullah passed his git assignment repair.
3. Everyone passed their knockout criteria.
4. There were MR's left by abdullah which had been closed or approved during the meeting.
5. All issues of last week are done. Frontend view wise is done and backend is practically complete. Project backend is shown to Ta 
6. The 2 teams(backend and frontend) will from now on be divided in to 3 teams of 1 frontend member and 1 backend member.
7. A new checkstyle issue will be added. For this issue the oop checkstyle will be slightly changed and be added to our project.
8. An offline meeting will be held at echo on 12:45.
9. 4 issues were left, all of them are about hooking up backend and frontend. Hooking up expenses and events is assigned to miruna, Users to Slavic and Debt to Slavic.
10. Bonus feature will be added as issues. 
11. Ilker will rework Frontend.
12. Buddy check is this friday.
13. We asked the ta how the buddy check works.
14. We asked about feedback and were told that we are on track.
15. We got some git lab tricks from the Ta.
16. For Friday Everyone comes up with at least 1 issue. Bonus issues in the backlog. 