# Week 6
Date:           {19.03.2024}\
Time:           {16:45-17:30}\
Main focus:     Discuss our progress so far
Chair:          {Abdullah Alpsoy}\
Note taker:     {Ilker kiliÃ§}

# Opening
1. Check if everyone is present and how everyone is doing (1 min).
2. Check if everyone completed the respective assignments and Has everyone managed to complete the Knockout Criteria? (1 min)
3. Announcements by the team (2 mins)
4. Announcements by the TA (2 mins)


# Agenda Items (7 min)

5. Perform a demo run
6. Discuss our issues and what we haven't managed to complete
7. Discuss moving issues for next week and assigning new issues
8. Discuss what is working/isn't working for the current issues
9. Make respective people responsible for some issues
10. Discuss our product pitch


# Action points for next week (7 min)

11. Continuing with issues from last week
12. Moving issues that we did not manage to do from last week to this week.
13. setting up new issues
14. preparing for project pitch
15. Splitting tasks in order to complete admin view


# Any other business (2 min)
15. Would anyone like to add something?


# Questions for the TA (3 min)
16. Product pitch questions.


# Question round (2 min)
17. If there are any more questions, now it's the time.


# Closing (2 min)
18. Summary of what has been discussed and what we will be doing during this week. (1 min)
19. Confirm the date of the next meeting. (1 min)

# Meeting Notes
1. Everyone is present.
2. Everyone completed
3. Ilker: Frontend backend hook-up
   Slavic: Checkstyle done
4.  Reminder about HCI assigment: Usability & Accessibility features, fail/pass criteria.
    Reminder about buddycheck feedback.
5. Demo: E-mail & Frontend rework shown
6. David takes over issue #18 (Admin view)>
   Kinga is working on issues related to debts, one merge request is ready for review.
   Miruna made Tag class, but Expense class still has to be modified to store Tags.
   Slavic takes over issue #19 and will attempt creating the program live-update.
   Ilker will continue frontend redesign. He will also create an 'add user' API in the Expense API path.
7. Clarification on the product pitch assignment by TA: It is a draft of the final presentation, something like a script for how one would present/demo the program.
    ADDENDUM: On Brightspace, there is now a description of the product pitch assignment. 
8. Slavic will not be able to attend next tuesday's meeting.
   TA clarifies moving the meeting not possible. Slavic will try to attend the meeting online, or else attempt to get an exemption.
9. Team agrees that the mindset for this week is to accelerate work to catch up on the slow flow during midterm weeks to retain speed advantage.
10. The team will meet again on friday: 12:30-13:35 at Sun, TU Delft Library.